GRAPH
A graph is a collection of Nodes. Graph data struture is used in many scenarios in
real life. E,g Graphs are used to hold data about a social network for example where
Everyone is a node with thier personal data but also everyone knows someone else.

Node:
A node is an abstract data type which holds two things.
1: The data of the Node which can be of a given type; integer, string etc
2: Pointers to other Nodes.

Edge:
When a node holds a pointer to another node they are said to have an edge between them
i,e a path between the two nodes. Edges of a node can either be directed or undirected. 
Directed edges mean that you can only traverse in one direction. If you're at node A and 
there is a directed edge to node B, you can move from A -> B, but once you're at B you can't move B -> A

Indegree;
A node can have any number of edges entring it and can also have any number of 
edges leaving the node. The number of edges entring a node is called the Node's 
indegree

OutDegree:
The number of edges that leave a node is called outdegree

Cyclic Graph:
This is a graph that has a cycle. i,e a Graph with no end because the last node 
added to the graph points to a previous node as its next

Acyclic Graph:
This is a graph that does not have a cycle

Neightbour:
Two nodes are said to be neighbours when they are connected by
a single edge. 

Adjaceny List:
In Graph Questions a graph will typically be given to you as an input. The form in
which the graph will be given can adjacency list. This is done followong the steps;

Step 1- represent the nodes in the graph using a number series ie  {1,2,3...n}. 
Each number representing a particular node. Graph nodes are not sequencial so it dosent
matter which node is numbered 1 or numbered 3 etc.Its only important that each number represents
a given node in the graph

Step 2-  replace each numbered node in the series with an array of all nodes that the given node 
connect to. e.g  Adjancey List = [[node2, node3], [node3], []]

In this example it means that node1 connects to node2 and also connects to node3



